{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Monaco;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red14\green17\blue35;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red254\green206\blue10;\red81\green81\blue83;\red37\green78\blue236;\red17\green16\blue23;\red229\green227\blue232;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c6275\c8627\c18431;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
\cssrgb\c100000\c83529\c0;\cssrgb\c39216\c39216\c40000;\cssrgb\c18824\c41176\c94118;\cssrgb\c8235\c7843\c12157;\cssrgb\c91765\c91373\c92941;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs21 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 MAKING A WEBSITE RESPONSIVE\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0

\fs39 \cf2 \cb3 Challenge Project: Responsive Club Website\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Overview\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs26\fsmilli13200 \cf2 \cb3 This project is slightly different than others you have encountered thus far on Codecademy. Instead of a step-by-step tutorial, this project contains a series of open-ended requirements which describe the project you\'92ll be building. There are many possible ways to correctly fulfill all of these requirements, and you should expect to use the Internet, Codecademy, and other resources when you encounter a problem that you cannot easily solve. \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa360\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs39 \cf2 \cb3 Project Goals\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs26\fsmilli13200 \cf2 \cb3 In this project, you\'92ll be building your own club group page that will dynamically respond as you adjust the size of your screen! \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa360\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs39 \cf2 \cb3 Setup Instructions\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs26\fsmilli13200 \cf2 \cb3 If you choose to do this project on your computer instead of Codecademy, you can download what you\'92ll need by clicking the \'93Download\'94 button below. If you need help setting up your computer, read our article about setting up a text editor for HTML/CSS development.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://content.codecademy.com/PRO/independent-practice-projects/responsive-club-site/responsive-club-starting.zip"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\b\fs24 \cf4 \cb5 \strokec4 Download}}
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\sa60\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 Tasks\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf6 \strokec6 4/4\'a0Complete\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl240\partightenfactor0

\fs21\fsmilli10800 \cf7 \cb3 \strokec7 Mark the tasks as complete by checking them off\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs33\fsmilli16800 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Prerequisites\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \strokec3 \

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 1.
\f1\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13200 \cf2 \cb3 To complete this project, you should have completed the Codecademy\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.codecademy.com/learn/learn-responsive-design"}}{\fldrslt \ul Responsive Design course}}, or the same lessons in the\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.codecademy.com/learn/paths/learn-how-to-build-websites"}}{\fldrslt \ul Learn How to Build Websites Path}}.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs33\fsmilli16800 \cf2 \cb3 Project Requirements\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \strokec3 \

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 2.
\f1\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13200 \cf2 \cb3 In this project, you\'92ll build a webpage for a local club. You can base it on real-life organization you belong to or make one up! You\'92ll get to choose everything about your page: the club name, the page layout and styling, any images that you want to use, and more! You can check out our\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://content.codecademy.com/PRO/independent-practice-projects/responsive-club-site/example-site/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \ul example site}}\'a0for some inspiration and experiment with what elements are responsive. We\'92ll provide the full code for this site in the solution section at the end of this project.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 A helpful resource for finding beautiful images for your sites is\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://unsplash.com/"}}{\fldrslt \ul Unsplash}}.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf3 \strokec3 \

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 3.
\f1\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13200 \cf2 \cb3 Your project should demonstrate many of the responsive design tools you learned. In our example project, we use percentages and relative units, such as\'a0
\f2\fs21\fsmilli10560 \cf8 \cb9 \strokec8 em
\f1\fs26\fsmilli13200 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0and\'a0
\f2\fs21\fsmilli10560 \cf8 \cb9 \strokec8 rem
\f1\fs26\fsmilli13200 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 , in our CSS to size and position page elements. We also made our website responsive by incorporating media queries to resize elements based on the size of the screen.\cb1 \
\cb3 Possible responsive design concepts to demonstrate: \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\sa120\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Making images toggle to certain percentages in terms of\'a0
\f2\fs21\fsmilli10560 \cf8 \cb9 \strokec8 width
\f1\fs26\fsmilli13200 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0after a certain minimum screen size.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Using a\'a0
\f2\fs21\fsmilli10560 \cf8 \cb9 \strokec8 @media
\f1\fs26\fsmilli13200 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0rule to change page layout and behavior based on size breakpoints.\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Employing responsive units\'a0
\f2\fs21\fsmilli10560 \cf8 \cb9 \strokec8 em
\f1\fs26\fsmilli13200 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0and\'a0
\f2\fs21\fsmilli10560 \cf8 \cb9 \strokec8 rem
\f1\fs26\fsmilli13200 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0to size and space elements with\'a0
\f2\fs21\fsmilli10560 \cf8 \cb9 \strokec8 width
\f1\fs26\fsmilli13200 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0and\'a0
\f2\fs21\fsmilli10560 \cf8 \cb9 \strokec8 padding
\f1\fs26\fsmilli13200 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 .\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs33\fsmilli16800 \cf2 \cb3 Project Solution\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \strokec3 \

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 4.
\f1\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13200 \cf2 \cb3 Great work! Visit\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://discuss.codecademy.com/t/responsive-club-website-css/462382"}}{\fldrslt \ul our forums}}\'a0to compare your project to our sample solution code. You can also learn how to host your own solution on GitHub so you can share it with other learners!\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Remember, this is just one possible solution. Your own project may be coded totally differently, have more or less content, and look totally different! We\'92re providing our solution for you get a sense of one way to use responsive units and media queries to affect page layout. There are multiple ways to solve these projects, and you\'92ll learn more by seeing others\'92 code.-\cb1 \
}